all right
Y
okay
here
all right
greetings and welcome my name is
raquel this is the design in which we go
to be working now let's start I'll
to be of showing them this art in a
nail cuts as you can see by comparison
with a long nail as it is the scale of
a short nail first I started by applying
a glaze in red on the whole
nail and I'm using this in style
which is called as well as I'm working
in a short nail I will make the design
of leopard coming to the side
then it's basically what you can
do with a short nail and nothing else
fill it with the beige color to this
side and that's where the
leopard pattern now nothing else I'm going to
start painting the spots
leopard
on the side of the nail
and in certain areas in the corners
I'm going to outline with the black color nothing
more detailing the leopard spots
and they could also use any
color that you would like as a base
it should not be red now in between
I'm going to do nothing more spots in color
black a thing like that is that everything is due
make a smaller scale
followed by this I will be dividing
the red color of beige with a
gold-colored line with glitters
using acrylic paint for this
now it's time to paint a little flower
and I'm making each petal in the shape of
almond and this little flower is going to be 5
petals could also make it 6
petals but remember that as it is a
short nail becomes smaller towards
above the flower coming to the side
I'm going to paint a little flower with 3 petals
and these petals are even more
little ones now in the area below
the flower I will paint another flower
little girl with 3 petals and underneath
little flower I will paint 4 dots
using a small pointer in the center
I'm going to put more of the gold-colored glitters
that are applied opaque but dry
bright and that's all nothing more
Apply your shine coat as they could
see if they have short nails they can do
that any design that is on a
Long nail work well for your nails
short and looks cute I hope you have
enjoyed this video
for the next thank you very much goodbye
all right
Y
ah